Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we can well do is we can give you background color.
So this icon.
Okay.
Now, to do this, it needs to go back to a vertical.
Now, you can see this is the icon widget, right?
And over here we have a container.
Now you can see one of the needs to use a container.
So we have access to lots of properties.
Okay.
Now to give a background color.
So this icon, all we just have to say is color that is going to be colors dot white.
But really we can barely see.
This other reason is that our scaffold has a color of white.
Okay, so what you can just do is change this to red for now.
Okay.
Is coach this to save?
And then go check it out.
Okay.
They can see this, right?
Now what we can do.
We can give access to.
We can give you the surrounded ship.
Right.
Okay.
Now we're just going to get rid of this call over here.
So we have access to loss of properties.
So what you can just sort of that we can say declaration.
There's going to be box declaration.
Okay.
Now we're going to have access to a lot of properties, including that color, so we can see color is
going to be colors that red for now.
Okay.
Great.
Now, well, let's we can as well.
This is going to be very, very straight.
Right.
So we can give some meta rounded shape to this.
So we just have to say now is what every year you can see we have access to a lot of properties because
you're using the bus decorations class.
Okay.
So there's going to be for the videos that are often.
Right.
Okay.
Now he's got is here to see what it does.
You can see it.
Okay.
Now we just need to hide our true Nikola.
Right.
Okay.
Now, really, where they're going to be going with this Red Bull, it's going to be going with the
white collar.
Right.
So now they're out to make this white visible.
You can see for now it is not going to be visible.
Right.
It's not going to be visible or hopefully you can see it a bit.
Okay.
And as I said, this will make it more visible.
What we can do is we can had a shadow to this.
Okay.
So within the buzz decoration class of about one of the reasons that made us users was decoration was
in order for us to have access to loss of properties.
Okay.
So there's going to be Boss Shadow.
It's going to take a list.
Okay.
So there's going to be a boss.
Sorry.
He's going to be Bullock's shadow.
Book's shadow.
Okay, now what you can't do.
We can't give a colour to this.
It's just going to be colour.
Colours dot grey.
Okay.
Then we can associate dots, weeds, opacity of zero dots theory.
Added to the cover.
Now what we can do?
We can use bird videos.
So this is going to be 0.1, right?
And as well, we can give a blur, make it block with blur of 0.1 as well.
One as well.
Then lastly for the offset or yourself to say is offset.
Okay.
They were able to pass in zero the comma and work.
Okay, great.
Now.
How to treat a cholera.
And use controlled excessive.
Okay.
Great.
Now go check it out.
Okay.
Hopefully you can see this, right?
You can now see this shadow with this white color.
Now what you can do can take this a bit from the right.
Right.
Where you have a part in.
I think.
Last year for the right as well.
They're going to give right off Terzi.
Okay.
Needs to see and go check it out.
I think that is way too much.
We're just going to give 25 for the right.
Okay, good.
Check it out now.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
I probably think.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in this lecture.